# Localization
For the last few years, localization of content is getting much more important. So we provide a built-in internationalization system for this reason. You can create different content for different languages. To enable locales, you need to toggle on while creating a new bucket. Once you create a bucket, you will not be able to change localization settings. For each field, you can enable/disable the localization feature. As an example; Age is a number field and should be the same for each language. You can disable the localization feature for this particular field. Enabling the localization feature for a field will give you to change input values for languages. You will see localization icons on the entry screen once you enable this feature.

## Fall Back Language

While you create a new Spica instance, you need to define your default language. This language will be used as fall back language if there is no content for other locales. But first, the system will check for the browser's default language. If there is content in the browser's default language, the system will serve this content. So let's say you set up a field that has 2 locales but you forget to add value for your secondary language. Then the system will give you the content in your fallback language (default language) but the JSON response will not be changed. The only thing that will be changed is the value of that specific field.

Example;

You have **English**, **German**, **Spanish** locales and you set English as the default system language. But there is missing content for German. The user requested German content but the browser's default language is Spanish. The system will try to get German content and once the system realizes there is no German content, Spanish content will be served because of the user’s browser default language. If there is no Spanish content, the system will serve English content.

Example 2;
With the same settings with example 1, if the user’s browser language is French, the system will give English content because there is no French locale and your default system language is English.

For further details, please visit the API reference.